# Cplusplus-Program

This was Project Two in the class. This is a program to encourage young savers to invest more with the bank.  It shows a chart that compares how much they would earn with and without additional investments in the account.  I am not sure that I did any one part better than the other with this project but I did put my own spin on part of it.  If the user chose to not invest any additional monies in their account, I have the program show them the additional money they would earn just by investing $10 every month.

I tend to find all of the projects to be challenging.  But only because my brain tends to make them more complex than they actually are.  Once I get over that, I usually do well with coding.  While I am coding, I am constantly doing research online to see how other people solve the same or similar problems.  This USUALLY works better for me than the text. I am not sure that any skills from this stood out for me.  I tend to only learn by constant repitition.  Reading does nothing for me.  I have to practice, practice, practice!  Every piece of code could possibly utilized in future projects.  It's like building a house.  You need a foundation and build from there. Whenever I have coded in my past, I tended to cut and paste from old programs that I thought could work with what I was currently writing.  This could be a huge time saver but you do have to remember to make changes with the copied code if necessary. As far as my actual code, I tend to be anal about formatting.  The right formatting always makes a program easier to read.  One thing that is not my strong suit is documentation.  I tend to be rather lax with that and I definitely could improve on that! 
